Austrian Climate Research Programme (ACRP) – 17th Call
Ausschreibung offen von	28.05.2024 12:00 
                            bis 12.12.2024 12:00
What is funded?
The ACRP focuses on research on climate change and climate actions, adaptation, mitigation and their mutual interrelation.
Projects of oriented basic research are funded in the following three thematic areas:
Understanding the climate system and consequences of climate change
Specific support for Austria’s policymakers
Transformative change
Who can apply?
Institutions of research and knowledge dissemination (research organizations) within the scope of their non-economic activities.
Universities (universities and universities of applied sciences)
Non-university research institutions
Project partners are not limited to Austrian research institutions and can include foreign research organizations.
The following may participate but may not receive funding:
Subcontractors: They are not participants in terms of cooperation. They provide defined tasks for project participants which are listed under the cost category “third-party costs” and are not entitled to exploit the project results. National and international businesses and other practitioners as well as individual researchers from Austria can be listed under the cost category “third- party costs” as subcontractors of the applicant or of one of the project partners. 
Other participants: These are persons or institutions (including businesses) that do not receive funding, but are mentioned in the funding contract, including the scope of their participation. Their rights and duties are also stipulated by contract. Their participation needs to be justified in the application.
See “Guidelines for projects of oriented basic research” for details. 
What is the amount of funding?
Eligible costs are covered up to 100 %.
What are the submission criteria?
Projects of oriented basic research can be submitted by individual applicants or as cooperative projects involving several consortium members. Further information on the submission criteria can be found in the “Guide for the submission of proposals” and in the “Guidelines for projects of oriented basic research”.
What do I need to apply?
For submission, the completed application must be entered via eCall before the deadline. Applications can only be submitted online using the corresponding masks in the FFG eCall. It is not possible to submit an application as a PDF. The costs of the applicant and all project partners must also be entered via eCall before the deadline.
When will the decision be made?
A funding decision is expected by May 2025.
Die FFG
Über die FFG
MitarbeiterInnen
Zahlen, Daten, Fakten
Kontakt und Anreise
Services & Dienstleistungen
Gutachten Forschungsprämie
QuickCheck
Jobbörse für Forschung
Praktika für Jugendliche
Beratung zu EU-Förderungen
 
Partnersuche Europa
Schulung und Training
Rechtliche Services
Technologietransfer
Digitale Barrierefreiheit
 
Innovationsfördernde öffentl. Beschaffung
EU-Performance Monitoring
Euraxess
Förderungen
Nationale Förderprogramme
 
EU-Förderungen und Internationales 
 Förderrichtlinien
Informationen
News
Offene Ausschreibungen
Veranstaltungen
Publikationen und Berichte
 
FFG auf Facebook
Abkürzungsverzeichnis
Glossar

Die Österreichische Forschungsförderungsgesellschaft FFG steht im Eigentum der Republik Österreich. Eigentümervertreter sind das Bundesministerium für Arbeit und Wirtschaft und das Bundesministerium für Klimaschutz, Umwelt, Energie, Mobilität, Innovation und Technologie.
Copyright © 2005 - 2022 FFG - Die Österreichische Forschungsförderungsgesellschaft. All rights reserved. Worldwide.
